CHAOS-399: Implement a disk failure based on eBPF (#638)
DataDog/chaos-controller: docs/disk_failure.md

# Disk failure

## Context & Motivation

<p align="center">
    <kbd>
        <img src="../docs/img/disk_failure/openat.png" height=auto width=372 />
    </kbd>
</p>

> An application exchanges with the operating system via syscall. The kernel receives calls, process them and return a result or an error for each of them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An application exchanges with the operating system via syscall. The kernel receives calls, processes them and returns a result or an error for each of them.
```

# Disk failure

The `diskFailure` field offers a way to apply a disk failure on a specific process and path.

## How it works

The disruption runs an eBPF disk failure program used to intercept system calls and inject errors. 
It is used to prevent certain processes from accessing certain files. 

> It defines a target process and a filter path, and if the process is trying to 

Reviewer 2: Could you explain how matching the filter path works a bit more? Is it a strict prefix match? Does it take wildcards?

open a file that matches the filter path, an -ENOENT error will be injected, 
preventing the process from opening the file.
The source code of the eBPF disk failure program is [here](../ebpf/disk-failure). 

### Notes

:warning: If you target a node with a `"/"` filter path, the disruption will catch all openat syscalls of the node.
If it's the case, your last chance is to restart the node manually because you will not be able to connect remotely to 

> it and do any command line.

Reviewer: misplaced newline i think?

Reviewer: Also, should we add a safeguard for "/" paths? 🤔

Author: Good point! 👍

### Known issues

> Because an eBPF program has a limited memory and you cannot do dynamic loop, the filter path could not exceed `62` characters.

Reviewer 2: We don't check for this character limit in the `Validate()` function of the Disk Failure spec
